README.md, before:

# The Ring
The Ring is a social app where you can create contests and vote for a winner.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/kcourtois/TheRing.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/kcourtois/TheRing) [![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/kcourtois/TheRing/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/kcourtois/TheRing)

# Example

You wonder what is the best movie of 2019 ? Why don't you ask !
With The Ring, you can create a contest for it.

Let's say you have a few movies in your head, but don't know which is the best. You can list them and create rounds, where people will vote.

<img src="Images/rounds.png" width="50%" height="50%"/>

Here, 4 movies where listed. Movie 1 and 4 where the winners of the first round, and Movie 1 won the second round. It seems like we know which movie is the best !


# Basic functionalities

- [ ] Create an account
- [ ] Login
- [ ] Create a tournament
- [ ] Share them
- [ ] Vote
- [ ] Search for other users / tournaments
- [ ] Look for the most popular tournaments

Commit message:

Profile page fully functionnal
This closes #15, closes #14, closes #16 and closes #5

README.md, after:

# The Ring
The Ring is a social app where you can create contests and vote for a winner.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/kcourtois/TheRing.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/kcourtois/TheRing) [![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/kcourtois/TheRing/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/kcourtois/TheRing)

# Example

You wonder what is the best movie of 2019 ? Why don't you ask !
With The Ring, you can create a contest for it.

Let's say you have a few movies in your head, but don't know which is the best. You can list them and create rounds, where people will vote.

<img src="Images/rounds.png" width="50%" height="50%"/>

Here, 4 movies were listed. Movie 1 and 4 were the winners of the first round, and Movie 1 won the second round. It seems like we know which movie is the best !


# Basic functionalities

- [x] Create an account
- [x] Login
- [x] User profile (with possibility to update data)
- [ ] Create a tournament
- [ ] Share them
- [ ] Vote
- [ ] Comments on tournaments
- [ ] Support of french language
